[LWDM] docs: deprecate live-common, steer new code to DDD layout (#18801)
LedgerHQ/ledger-live: .agents/agents/code-reviewer.md

- **New dependency in `package.json`**: must not duplicate an existing capability; peer compatibility must be verified; link to [bundlephobia](https://bundlephobia.com) with size impact.
- **`pnpm-lock.yaml` diff**: Flag unrelated version bumps, mass reformatting, or entries not explained by the PR's `package.json` changes. The lockfile diff should be entirely explainable by the stated dependency changes.
- **Translations**: Only edit `apps/ledger-live-desktop/static/i18n/en/app.json` (desktop) or `apps/ledger-live-mobile/src/locales/en/common.json` (mobile). No other locale files.

> - **New-code placement**: Flag new features/folders/top-level modules added to `libs/ledger-live-common/` — it is maintenance-only (bugfixes and edits to existing code are fine, new code is not). New shared code goes to a new `libs/*` package; that is expected, not a smell.

Reviewer: **suggestion: clarify the intention here**

The line is specifically calling out live-common so let be more direct.

Also, I think we should allow additions to domains, features and shared

```suggestion
- **Don't add to live-common**: `libs/ledger-live-common/` is maintenance-only. Bugfixes and edits are ok but new shared code should go in a new package within `libs`. Additional to `domains`, `features` and `shared` are also appropriate for new code following new target architecture.
```

Author: agreed but it's not the domains/features/shared that we will want to redirect to but to the libs/* for now. i'll amend.
